so how not to do so already dozens
tunnels and couldn't yet need
give in order to conquer all
that's what's being done
fao so-called winston sarsat everyones
bosses or with participation in all sorts of
experience
so then swing at the seventieth level
this is just a small necessary part
games
usually schoolchildren students handed over
exam preparation during
participation in the raids that is until you gather
Persia after will pass the whole day
Now I will briefly show how it happens
boss raid
first sense stomp comstock then we
going near him
then finished up to 3 5 4 boss until everyone is
ready
then the strongest player called
tank distracts after beats rub goes
goes goes
then all the other fives are connected
the package of dead is not yet killed
when they are killed they are going to the crowd
will begin to share the fallen shit and
scream that give me that good luck not
in general, so can you collect for months
to myself clothes today that came with
first strike tired
and if all the same one of the bosses then played
there does not end again
of course if you want you can hold your
time for the simple killing of hooks
better to participate in the so-called
routines
team on ward vs alliance team
but his injuries then the truth begins you
will try to run forward with the play
first get on the head
usually write down every school of steam between
two grandees of their videos
impose on no in steep
music that could be seen how cool they are
know how to play cool
but apparently also should do it
I recently conducted a more survey on this topic.
Why do people play the club?
got some interesting options
answer
including himself was popular
what is interesting
in second place is to kill this time
feature
the third most popular answer is
who and why playing me of course more
of games
Further, what is your business that in Kiev Russia so
Further the toughest was delfi does not carry why
you live
and only one person today answered
fair
because i can't write
so what needs to be done to
distract from this interesting but very
dangerously psychological
plan
the best way to wean from this game
this will create your server
during the day you can be absolutely
with impunity and will not be able to get
any thing
and we will get absolutely free s
p
however, the mother will not be so easy
get rid of
because I'm projectors and r
reference
however, try to still download
from the internet give up
opportunities to install losing
consciousness
but maybe often but there you can
to realize everything that you are not just overwhelmed
real internet network
Well, while you can install and simonds you can
see what else you can do
firstly there are always people
who consider themselves the most witty on
in fact they are usually an idiot they just
Ugre lies the fact that they have access to the usual
life because mini go out
meet a girl
Yes, if at all, you can do
make the characters dance and stupid
Medvedev smarts
and if the authorities want to play honestly
use whatever shield
eat fly a taxi map eyeing
inaccessible station
but be careful on most servers
worth cheats now or if not worth it here
very good just stupid panic
If in life enter Heber nor man the
there is if you can perfectly
with impunity
and get pleasure from this suit
if you are a fan often with dad and who
you will be pleased to play in the arena
small teams
as always, Sevastopol is
but this is the time
rate and it will not seem
quite high
except for the fact that this game is dangerous
objects he
less she deserves 96 percent
it's so cool that even small
masonry became the breeze of the area
thank you so much for watching
progressively group vkontakte there soon
there will be new markets
since may was a doctor passport bye bye
as